README.md, before:

molecool
==============================
[//]: # (Badges)
[![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/REPLACE_WITH_OWNER_ACCOUNT/molecool.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/REPLACE_WITH_OWNER_ACCOUNT/molecool)
[![AppVeyor Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/REPLACE_WITH_APPVEYOR_LINK/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/REPLACE_WITH_OWNER_ACCOUNT/molecool/branch/master)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/REPLACE_WITH_OWNER_ACCOUNT/molecool/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/REPLACE_WITH_OWNER_ACCOUNT/molecool/branch/master)

A Python package for analyzing and visualizing pdb and xyz files. For MolSSI May webinar series.

This repository is currently under development. To developmental install, download this repository and type

`pip install -e .`

in the repository directory.

This package requires the following:
- NumPy
- Matplotlib

### Copyright

Copyright (c) 2020, Leon Wehrhan


#### Acknowledgements

Project based on the
[Computational Molecular Science Python Cookiecutter](https://github.com/molssi/cookiecutter-cms) version 1.2.

Commit message:

update readme with information on branches

README.md, after:

molecool
==============================
[//]: # (Badges)
[![Travis Build Status](https://travis-ci.com/REPLACE_WITH_OWNER_ACCOUNT/molecool.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.com/REPLACE_WITH_OWNER_ACCOUNT/molecool)
[![AppVeyor Build status](https://ci.appveyor.com/api/projects/status/REPLACE_WITH_APPVEYOR_LINK/branch/master?svg=true)](https://ci.appveyor.com/project/REPLACE_WITH_OWNER_ACCOUNT/molecool/branch/master)
[![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/REPLACE_WITH_OWNER_ACCOUNT/molecool/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/REPLACE_WITH_OWNER_ACCOUNT/molecool/branch/master)

A Python package for analyzing and visualizing pdb and xyz files. For MolSSI May webinar series.

This repository is currently under development. To developmental install, download this repository and type

`pip install -e .`

in the repository directory.

This package requires the following:
- NumPy
- Matplotlib

Features should be developed on branches. To create and switch to a branch, use the command:

`git checkout -b new_branch_name`

To switch to an existing branch, use

`git checkout branch_name`

### Copyright

Copyright (c) 2020, Leon Wehrhan


#### Acknowledgements

Project based on the
[Computational Molecular Science Python Cookiecutter](https://github.com/molssi/cookiecutter-cms) version 1.2.
